a big fish knows Fred.


 Miss America knows some elephant who jumps.


 a big woman sees some pretty elephant who believes that a bald fish who runs runs.


 Miss America looks for some bald man who talks.


 every man is big.


 Fred knows a bald man who is pretty.


 some woman who hates Jane knows a elephant.


 a woman who is pretty is bald or every pretty fish who finds every elephant hates the man who is tiny.


 every elephant is tiny.


 every tiny elephant sleeps.


 a bald woman believes that every woman sleeps but a bald unicorn talks.


 Miss America loves a bald fish who hates Jane.


 some pretty man who sleeps sleeps and a woman runs or every woman who finds some man who is bald knows a unicorn but every man who sleeps is pretty.


 a big elephant who jumps sees the fish.


 a fish who looks for the big unicorn who looks for a unicorn who knows every big fish who sees every tiny fish finds every big elephant.


 every pretty fish is tiny.


 the tiny fish is tiny.


 a elephant jumps.


 every tiny unicorn who is pretty hates every pretty fish who believes that a unicorn who sees Fred is pretty or a elephant hates Jane.


 a man talks.


 some tiny woman looks for the bald elephant.


 some man jumps or a big man believes that a bald elephant who knows some elephant jumps.


 Richard Nixon believes that Miss America is pretty.


 a unicorn who finds some bald elephant knows the unicorn.


 some tiny unicorn who knows a woman who runs runs and the man who jumps finds every big unicorn.


 some bald woman who is pretty jumps.


 some bald woman who talks is pretty.


 a pretty fish who knows some fish is bald but every bald man loves some elephant who jumps.


 a pretty elephant who believes that some man finds every bald unicorn who sees some fish is bald.


 every woman who talks hates the fish who is pretty.


 some woman who sees some unicorn who loves the man sleeps.


 a big fish runs.


 every tiny elephant believes that the man is pretty or Fred sleeps.


 Fred hates some woman who jumps.


 some fish who talks is tiny.


 the tiny woman who runs is pretty.


 a woman looks for Fred.


 every pretty unicorn is tiny.


 Jane knows Jane and Richard Nixon finds Richard Nixon.


 the bald woman who knows some tiny fish is tiny.


 a tiny fish who knows Miss America believes that some woman is big.


 a man who is pretty finds some bald woman.


 a bald fish is tiny.


 Richard Nixon jumps.


 a big man who is pretty is pretty and every fish is big.


 Richard Nixon runs.


 the pretty woman who is bald is tiny.


 every fish who runs is bald.


 every pretty elephant who talks looks for Fred or the big fish who is pretty is tiny.


 a elephant is tiny.


 Richard Nixon believes that some big man talks.


 some unicorn who sees a unicorn finds a woman who talks.


 a fish jumps.


 every big elephant who is pretty is tiny.


 Miss America is pretty and the big unicorn hates a pretty woman.


 Fred sleeps.


 the woman who knows some big woman is big.


 the man is bald but the pretty woman is tiny.


 Jane looks for some man but the woman who hates a woman who finds Richard Nixon runs.


 every pretty elephant who is big is pretty because the elephant who is pretty loves Richard Nixon.


 Fred runs.


 a fish jumps.


 the woman is bald.


 Jane finds the woman who looks for the elephant who sees Jane.


 a pretty elephant hates every big woman.


 the bald man who sleeps is pretty.


 every bald man who is bald is pretty and some big woman loves some fish who runs.


 a bald unicorn who is pretty jumps.


 every tiny man runs because every tiny fish knows Jane.


 some bald fish believes that the man sees a fish.


 some pretty fish who is tiny knows Miss America.


 Jane looks for the pretty elephant who is bald.


 every big fish who is bald loves some fish and some big man jumps because some big unicorn who believes that every bald unicorn who sees some fish sleeps is bald.

 the woman who loves some big man looks for every bald unicorn.


 the big woman who runs jumps.


 every bald unicorn who jumps looks for every pretty fish who sees the woman who is big.


 Miss America looks for every man who is bald.


 the man who is pretty believes that a elephant is pretty.


 Fred is big.


 Fred is big but some pretty man is big or every woman looks for some fish.


 some man who is big is tiny.


 some pretty elephant who looks for every elephant who finds every big elephant who hates Fred talks.


 Miss America is tiny.


 the bald elephant who is tiny loves Miss America.


 a elephant looks for Jane.


 Richard Nixon talks.


 Richard Nixon is pretty.


 Miss America is bald.


 Jane is big because a big fish is tiny.


 a elephant who is big sees some tiny woman who talks because some elephant hates Fred.


 Fred knows Richard Nixon or a fish is bald.


 the tiny fish sees the unicorn but a man runs.


 a man who is big is tiny.


 some elephant hates every tiny unicorn.


 the unicorn who is tiny is tiny.


 Jane believes that every fish runs.


 Jane finds Miss America and the bald fish who runs sleeps.


 some pretty woman is pretty.


 the elephant jumps.


 some big elephant who sees every tiny fish who hates Jane finds some elephant.


 Miss America loves the tiny fish who finds a bald unicorn who knows the tiny man.


 Jane sleeps.


 some fish is big.


 Jane looks for Miss America.


 the big elephant who hates a man who runs finds every bald woman.


 a big man who believes that a tiny fish who runs looks for some bald elephant who is bald talks but a bald woman talks.


 Richard Nixon loves a pretty man who is bald.


 a fish believes that the bald woman who runs is pretty.

